
Your privacy is critically important to us. At videosurveillance.webcam, we have a few fundamental principles:

*   We are thoughtful about the information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
*   We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
*   We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
*   We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.

Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.

### Who We Are and What This Policy Covers

Howdy! We are the folks powering videosurveillance.webcam. This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:

*   Our website (videosurveillance.webcam);
*   Our Google Chrome App.

Throughout this Privacy Policy we'll refer to our website, and other products and services collectively as "Services." And if you'd like to learn more about what is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on Controllers and Responsible Companies. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services that have a separate privacy policy. Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.

### Creative Commons Sharealike License

  This Privacy Policy is adapted from Privacy Policy of [WordPress](https://automattic.com), which is under a [Creative Commons Sharealike](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license, which is also this Privacy Policy license under.

### Information We Collect

We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so-for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We do not generally seek to collect special categories of personal data through this site, which includes the various categories of personal information and data identified by privacy laws of United States, European and other jurisdictions as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories may include personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning sexual orientation.

We collect information in three ways: if and when you provide information to us, and automatically through operating our Services. Let's go over the information that we collect.

#### _Information You Provide to Us_

 **Communications With Us ** You may also provide us information when you report an issue, give us suggestions, or request a feature through Emails or any other public forums.

#### _Information We Collect Automatically_

We also collect some information automatically:

*   **Usage Information:** We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that users perform on our website or other services-in other words, who did what, when and to what thing on a site. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views). We use this information to get insights on how people use our Services, so we can make our Services better.
*   **Location Information:** We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions.
*   **Information from Cookies & Other Technologies:** A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's device, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. HTML Web Storage is the storage mechanism that web applications can store data locally within the user's browser. videosurveillance.webcam's data processors (like our analytics provider Google Analytics) use cookies and other technologies like pixel tags and HTML web storage to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our [Cookie Policy](https://videosurveillance.webcam/cookie-policy).
*   **Google Analytics**: Our website uses Google Analytics as our analytics service, which employs cookies that are stored to your device in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site like stated above. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google's location in the US and stored there. In using Google Analytics we turn on anonymizeIp, which means Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from EU/EEA member states.


### How And Why We Use Information

#### _Purposes for Using Information_

We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below. Our data processors may make use of automated processes using the data we collected as stated before, and the output of these automated processes will either be report available only to us or services we provide to users, in order to fulfil the purposes below:

*   To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our Services, which helps us improve our Services and make them easier to use;
You may also provide us information when you report an issue, give us suggestions, or request a feature through Emails or any other public forums.
*   To communicate with you, for example through an email or public forum, fix isues of our website, accept suggestions, receive feature requests; and

#### _Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information_

A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that: (1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account--for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or (2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or (4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information--for example, to provide and update our Services, to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our Services, to communicate with you, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; or (5) You have given us your consent--for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our [Cookie Policy](https://videosurveillance.webcam/cookie-policy).

### Sharing Information

#### _How We Share Information_

We do not sell our users' private personal information. We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:

*   **Third Party Vendors:** We may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you. This group includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you, and those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like our analytics provider Google Analytics). We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies [Cookie Policy](https://videosurveillance.webcam/cookie-policy).
*   **Legal Requests:** We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
*   **To Protect Rights, Property, and Others:** We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of videosurveillance.webcam, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.

### How Long We Keep Information

We keep the data for the shortest time possible, and discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it--which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information--and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.

### Security

While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.

### Choices

You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:

*   **Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies:** At this time, videosurveillance.webcam does not respond to "do not track" signals across all of our Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before or while using our website.
*   **Erase HTML Web Storage and Cookies by deleting Your Browser's History:** The HTML web storage is a new mechanism by which browsers can store data locally. You can clear these data by clearing your browser's history. In this case HTML web storage will be deleted permanently along with cookies.
*   **Deactivate Google Analytics:** Google Analytics offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data Google can collect on websites you access. The add-on tells the JavaScript (ga.js) used by Google Analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to Google Analytics. You can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on referenced above at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.



### Your Rights

If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:

*   Request access to your personal data;
*   Withdraw your consent to this Privacy Policy by closing account;
*   Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
*   Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
*   Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
*   Request portability of your personal data.

If you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to How to Reach Us to, well, find out how to reach us. EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.

### Controllers and Responsible Companies

Generally, the "controller" is videosurveillance.webcam that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the the product or service you use.

### How to Reach Us

If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please [contact us](mailto:contact@videosurveillance.webcam).

### Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)

#### _Transferring Information_

Because videosurveillance.webcam's Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include:

*   In the case of US based entities, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them, or ensuring they have signed up to the [EU-US Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome); or
*   In the case of entities based in other countries outside the EEA, entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with them.

You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.


### Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, videosurveillance.webcam may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. videosurveillance.webcam encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy. That's it! Thanks for reading.
